Add documentation on trivy scans (#9831)
solo-io/gloo: devel/security/README.md

# Security Policies

## Vulnerabilities in Third-Party Libraries

> Gloo is scanned on a weekly basis for security vulnerabilities. We use [trivy](https://github.com/aquasecurity/trivy) to scan our products for security issues and we scan OSS Gloo, Gloo EE, and Portal. Scans are initiated from [a single job in OSS Gloo](https://github.com/solo-io/gloo/tree/main/.github/workflows#trivy-vulnerability-scanning), and they can also [be run locally](https://github.com/solo-io/gloo/tree/main/docs/cmd/securityscanutils).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gloo is scanned on a weekly basis for security vulnerabilities. We use [trivy](https://github.com/aquasecurity/trivy) to scan our products for security issues and we scan OSS Gloo, Gloo EE, and Portal. Scans are initiated from [a single job in OSS Gloo](https://github.com/solo-io/gloo/tree/main/.github/workflows#trivy-vulnerability-scanning). This job checks out the main branch and uses that branch's `.trivyignore` while it scans all requested images and repositories. The scans can also [be run locally](https://github.com/solo-io/gloo/tree/main/docs/cmd/securityscanutils).
```

Occasionally, the best approach to resolve a reported CVE is to ignore it in Trivy (ie. if we determine that the vulnerability does not affect us, or if it is raised as a false positive). To support this, we use a single `.trivyignore` file [on our main branch](https://github.com/solo-io/gloo/blob/main/.trivyignore). This file is kept up-to-date with all vulnerabilities that we feel can be safely ignored.

> All LTS branches are scanned from our main branch. This means that the job definitions to perform the scans are not backported to LTS branches, nor is `.trivyignore`. Users who wish to perform a scan locally should consider downloading the `.trivyignore` file and passing it to Trivy scan using the `--ignorefile` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All LTS branches are scanned from our main branch. This means that the job definitions to perform the scans are not backported to LTS branches, nor is `.trivyignore`. This is especially relevant if a user is building images for LTS branches/non-`gloo` repositories and attempting to scan them; in these cases, the locally checked out branch will not contain the correct `.trivyignore` file. Users who wish to perform a scan locally should consider downloading the `.trivyignore` file to a location that will not be updated by `git` operations and passing it to Trivy scan using the `--ignorefile` option. 
```
